0.  BMP 24 bit supports 16.7 million colors. 32 bit supports over 4 billion
    GIF supports 256 colors
    JPEG supports 16 million+
    PNG supports 16 million+
    
1.  GIF supports animation

2.  Lossy compression uses inexact approximations and partial data discarding to represent content. 
    Essentially some information is lost in the process of compressing and decompressing and
    it is not fully reversable. Lossless compression on the other hand is fully reversable.
    This means that no data is lost when the file is compressed and decompressed. 

3.  JPEG

4.  First the system changes the filename's first character in the file's directory entry
    to signify that the file has been deleted and now the directory entry can be recycled. 
    Then the system moves all of the file's FAT clusters to the hard drive's list of free clusters.
    The actual file data is not touched and thus not deleted. 

5.  You could physically destroy the drive. You could use any number of sanitization software.
    You could also use the secure delete option on most modern machines. 
    
6.  stdint.h is a header file in the c standard library that allows programmers to write better code
    by providing a set of typedefs that specify exact width integers. 
    
7.  You exercise more control over memory by using uint8_t etc and make your program more portable as the
    bit size of such a types are defined and equivalent across all of the platforms, which is not true for int,
    char, long e.t.c.

8.  uint8_t = 1 byte
    uint32_t = 4 bytes
    int32_t = 4 bytes
    uint16_t = 2 bytes
    
9.  BM in ASCII to denote that it is a bitmap file

10. bfsize is the size of the bitfile and bisize is the size of the bitmap info structure which 
    is included in bfsize.
    
11. If biHeight is negative, the origin of the image is in the upper left hand corner and the image is
    top-down DIB. 
    
12. The biBitCount specifies the BMP's color depth

13. fopen might return null in line 37 if the system is out of memory or if you don't have the correct 
    permissions. (very unlikely with this specific program in CS50 IDE)
    
14. Because you're reading the entire size of the file as the previous argument and obviously 
    you wouldn't want to read in the entire file multiple times.
    
15. Padding would be assigned the value 3.

16. fseek allows you to offset the position of the pointer by a specific amount.
    In this program it is used to skps over padding. 
    
17. the pointers current position. 

18. Looks Rick Astley to me!
